or the youtube peña here manuel bad in
word of the two today I'm going to present
the weapon seraphim error messenger error
messenger is like error message error
of message we can get it in the df
of captain scarlett killing master
and the invincible if they get to concrete
more specifically go nonsense that I just
to say and look at master master that
he's carrying precisely this spleen is and if
this bazooka is very dangerous and what
we will have the same effect as
loose master and have never messed with
he if not good we are going to examine the weapon
and we'll see what's with him
when there is messenger there soon
error messenger error as message
error error message in plan
we fail we fail name damage
And the truth is that it is very high
precision that is rare very good
precision to be a bazooka cadence
of normal fire and is to make a
bazooka at recharge speed more or
less good size of charger 2 and the
message leaves you there very very surprised
this weapon should never be released to the being
of torque only inflicts explosive damage
Here we see you have seen what
has happened there they have it shoot a harpoon
if as a master, there they have it and between
that the harpoon goes straight and the damage
what does it look like, it's amazing how much care
of not using it very close to an enemy like
has happened to me here now because we
we end up killing if we give with this weapon
with this bazooka so
Certainly surely or almost certain
let's end up killing the enemy like this
pirate mercenary this weapon away good
this weapon to seraphim that is the bad thing that
has the bad thing that it has is that clear the
make very cool face very handsome here a
video but when exploding the bullet to
explode the harpoon is worth the harpoon has
very little explosion radius so
this bazooka is basically so that
let's hit the enemies squarely but
that yes less evil than what is the
effort as for example here then
it will be worth the truth is that this
will touch
seraphim is worth it if it deserves
very much very much worth it here takes
again it has put me to spend the same and
here do not you shake there you have it though
I have been saying that the radius of explosion
is very
and very short
you're next to it practically because it's going to
explode and it will end up killing you like
if I had given full so nothing
remember to impact if possible
full
well we know the house grass we see its
qualities that scratch pons and seals a
little explosion radius for whoever
I recommend recommending everything I recommend
for everyone this bazooka what
I recommend for everyone
who could get more out of it more
profit in concrete maya are worth
we could immobilize the enemy attract
a few others throw a bombshell with this
mallet kan to which he is retained and then
that explosion radius although very
little one will give them to others
Here are the worms of the sands
everything works perfectly against all
the class of enemies clear that the damage
explosive causes
be perfectly and be effective against
all kinds of enemies that also that
be clear when it comes to getting a
second chance if we take and give
of
full to an enemy surely the
second chance we will get it
fast fast here a pirate of these
damn you already know you are
very difficult to kill as they hit you
many times then nothing and you have damn
and there is the ideal truth to get
second chances yes yes the enemy
is near
we continue talking about the bad of the bazooka
it's simply that it's that master and the
invincible has a probability of
Very low European value is the same as
friend master gym is one of the most bosses
difficult that I have found in all
the video games and go had to be
in this is that it is difficult to kill and
on top of the weapon is hard to get
so nothing that stays with them
Of course, the bazooka
they love simply to order in their
den aim fully or very close to
enemy and it is already enemy that the most
sure die and if he does not die from the first
bombazo will be very very tocadísimo for
the second arch
the truth is that it is a very original weapon
very effective and that's the master's weapon
and shoot the same shoot a harpoon like
when he chases us so
nothing like I always say thank you for
have seen me and a hug to all